To use the application is very easy, so this is the initial display of
the application, let's zoom in, you can click here to open
the file, and what I like is that the layout is adaptive,
so for example if I choose a video like this,
16:9 then the layout looks like this, but if I use a format that
is vertical, like in Shorts or Reels, the layout will adapt like this,
and this can also be adjusted for length and width. Here we have
several sections, the main one being the detection section,
so this is the sound wave, this is the unedited video,
there are many empty sections like this, this can be zoomed in,
zooming out, you can see there are many empty sections,
we can go straight to detect, there are also several presets available,
I'll just select default, then select detect silence,
after a while, these segments will appear. We can
zoom in, we can see there are silent sections,
there's silence here, there's silence here, and the threshold can be adjusted
of course, here the silence sections are. This can be shifted to
view the whole thing, and it's quite accurate,
if you want to edit, you can just click here,
the edit section, can be edited, or removed,
the unsuitable parts. And here you can see, the resulting video duration
is 23 minutes, if we render, we export,
that's 8 minutes total, after cutting. And if we want to cut
part of it, we can take just a part, here if we don't want to
take the entire video, just a specific part,
this is possible. For example, I want to take from
minute 0 to minute 1.46, the estimated result is
58 seconds. That's because the empty parts have been removed,
the empty sections. Okay, let's try
cutting. I'll just use this one,
replace, okay. And this will start the rendering process. And here
you can see, the result matches, 58 seconds, and here 58 seconds.
The result can be checked later. Of course, we can also preview here,
press space. So this button's function is to jump,
or jump. So basically this button is to simulate
how each segment will look before rendering. Although not perfect
for now, but I'll try to improve it. And that's how
to use the software. And if there are questions, criticism or suggestions,
or feature requests, you can go to the contact section, we can discuss there.
Thank you, see you next time.